NAME                    VERSION                TYPE   
MediaInfo               21.03.0.0              dotnet  
WinRAR                  5.91.0                 dotnet  
alpine-baselayout       3.4.3-r2               apk     
alpine-baselayout-data  3.4.3-r2               apk     
alpine-keys             2.4-r1                 apk     
alpine-release          3.19.0-r0              apk     
alsa-lib                1.2.10-r0              apk     
aom-libs                3.7.1-r0               apk     
apk-tools               2.14.0-r5              apk     
bash                    5.2.21-r0              apk     
brotli-libs             1.1.0-r1               apk     
busybox                 1.36.1-r15             apk     
busybox-binsh           1.36.1-r15             apk     
c-ares                  1.22.1-r0              apk     
ca-certificates         20230506-r0            apk     
ca-certificates-bundle  20230506-r0            apk     
cffi                    1.16.0                 python  
chardet                 5.2.0                  python  
cjson                   1.7.16-r1              apk     
coreutils               9.4-r1                 apk     
coreutils-env           9.4-r1                 apk     
coreutils-fmt           9.4-r1                 apk     
coreutils-sha512sum     9.4-r1                 apk     
cryptography            41.0.7                 python  
curl                    8.5.0-r0               apk     
dark                    0.1.0                  npm     
dbus-libs               1.14.10-r0             apk     
ffmpeg                  6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavcodec       6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavdevice      6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavfilter      6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavformat      6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavutil        6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libpostproc      6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libswresample    6.1-r1                 apk     
ffmpeg-libswscale       6.1-r1                 apk     
fontconfig              2.14.2-r4              apk     
freetype                2.13.2-r0              apk     
fribidi                 1.0.13-r0              apk     
gdbm                    1.23-r1                apk     
glib                    2.78.3-r0              apk     
glslang-libs            1.3.261.1-r0           apk     
graphite2               1.3.14-r6              apk     
harfbuzz                8.3.0-r0               apk     
hwdata-pci              0.377.2-r0             apk     
idna                    3.6                    python  
jq                      1.7.1-r0               apk     
lame-libs               3.100-r5               apk     
lcms2                   2.15-r4                apk     
libSvtAv1Enc            1.7.0-r0               apk     
libacl                  2.3.1-r4               apk     
libass                  0.17.1-r1              apk     
libasyncns              0.8-r2                 apk     
libattr                 2.5.1-r5               apk     
libblkid                2.39.3-r0              apk     
libbluray               1.3.4-r1               apk     
libbsd                  0.11.7-r3              apk     
libbz2                  1.0.8-r6               apk     
libc-utils              0.7.2-r5               apk     
libcrypto3              3.1.4-r2               apk     
libcurl                 8.5.0-r0               apk     
libdav1d                1.3.0-r0               apk     
libdovi                 3.2.0-r1               apk     
libdrm                  2.4.118-r0             apk     
libexpat                2.5.0-r2               apk     
libffi                  3.4.4-r3               apk     
libflac                 1.4.3-r1               apk     
libgcc                  13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk     
libgomp                 13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk     
libhwy                  1.0.7-r0               apk     
libidn2                 2.3.4-r4               apk     
libintl                 0.22.3-r0              apk     
libjpeg-turbo           3.0.1-r0               apk     
libjxl                  0.8.2-r0               apk     
libltdl                 2.4.7-r3               apk     
libmd                   1.1.0-r0               apk     
libmediainfo            23.11-r0               apk     
libmount                2.39.3-r0              apk     
libncursesw             6.4_p20231125-r0       apk     
libogg                  1.3.5-r5               apk     
libopenmpt              0.7.3-r1               apk     
libpanelw               6.4_p20231125-r0       apk     
libpciaccess            0.17-r2                apk     
libplacebo              6.338.1-r0             apk     
libpng                  1.6.40-r0              apk     
libproc2                4.0.4-r0               apk     
libpulse                16.1-r11               apk     
librist                 0.2.10-r0              apk     
libsharpyuv             1.3.2-r0               apk     
libsndfile              1.2.2-r0               apk     
libsodium               1.0.19-r0              apk     
libsrt                  1.5.3-r0               apk     
libssh                  0.10.6-r0              apk     
libssl3                 3.1.4-r2               apk     
libstdc++               13.2.1_git20231014-r0  apk     
libtheora               1.1.1-r18              apk     
libunibreak             5.1-r3                 apk     
libunistring            1.1-r2                 apk     
libva                   2.20.0-r0              apk     
libvdpau                1.5-r2                 apk     
libvorbis               1.3.7-r2               apk     
libvpx                  1.13.1-r0              apk     
libwebp                 1.3.2-r0               apk     
libwebpmux              1.3.2-r0               apk     
libx11                  1.8.7-r0               apk     
libxau                  1.0.11-r3              apk     
libxcb                  1.16-r0                apk     
libxdmcp                1.1.4-r3               apk     
libxext                 1.3.5-r3               apk     
libxfixes               6.0.1-r3               apk     
libxml2                 2.11.6-r0              apk     
libzen                  0.4.41-r0              apk     
libzmq                  4.3.5-r2               apk     
light                   0.1.0                  npm     
lilv-libs               0.24.22-r0             apk     
linux-pam               1.5.3-r7               apk     
mbedtls                 2.28.6-r0              apk     
mediainfo               23.11-r0               apk     
mpdecimal               2.5.1-r2               apk     
mpg123-libs             1.32.3-r0              apk     
musl                    1.2.4_git20230717-r4   apk     
musl-utils              1.2.4_git20230717-r4   apk     
my-test-package         1.0                    python  
ncurses-terminfo-base   6.4_p20231125-r0       apk     
netcat-openbsd          1.226-r0               apk     
nghttp2-libs            1.58.0-r0              apk     
numactl                 2.0.16-r4              apk     
onevpl-libs             2023.3.1-r2            apk     
oniguruma               6.9.9-r0               apk     
opus                    1.4-r0                 apk     
orc                     0.4.34-r0              apk     
pcre2                   10.42-r2               apk     
procps-ng               4.0.4-r0               apk     
py3-cffi                1.16.0-r0              apk     
py3-cffi-pyc            1.16.0-r0              apk     
py3-chardet             5.2.0-r0               apk     
py3-chardet-pyc         5.2.0-r0               apk     
py3-cparser             2.21-r4                apk     
py3-cparser-pyc         2.21-r4                apk     
py3-cryptography        41.0.7-r0              apk     
py3-cryptography-pyc    41.0.7-r0              apk     
py3-idna                3.6-r0                 apk     
py3-idna-pyc            3.6-r0                 apk     
py3-openssl             23.3.0-r0              apk     
py3-openssl-pyc         23.3.0-r0              apk     
py3-urllib3             1.26.18-r0             apk     
py3-urllib3-pyc         1.26.18-r0             apk     
pyOpenSSL               23.3.0                 python  
pyc                     3.11.6-r1              apk     
pycparser               2.21                   python  
python3                 3.11.6-r1              apk     
python3-pyc             3.11.6-r1              apk     
python3-pycache-pyc0    3.11.6-r1              apk     
rav1e-libs              0.6.6-r2               apk     
readline                8.2.1-r2               apk     
scanelf                 1.3.7-r2               apk     
sdl2                    2.28.5-r0              apk     
serd-libs               0.32.0-r0              apk     
shaderc                 2023.7-r0              apk     
shadow                  4.14.2-r0              apk     
skalibs                 2.14.0.1-r0            apk     
slim                    0.1.0                  npm     
sord-libs               0.16.16-r0             apk     
soxr                    0.1.3-r7               apk     
speexdsp                1.2.1-r2               apk     
spirv-tools             1.3.261.1-r0           apk     
sqlite-libs             3.44.2-r0              apk     
sratom                  0.6.16-r0              apk     
ssl_client              1.36.1-r15             apk     
tdb-libs                1.4.9-r0               apk     
tinyxml2                9.0.0-r2               apk     
tzdata                  2023d-r0               apk     
urllib3                 1.26.18                python  
utmps-libs              0.1.2.2-r0             apk     
v4l-utils-libs          1.24.1-r1              apk     
vidstab                 1.1.1-r0               apk     
vulkan-loader           1.3.261.1-r0           apk     
wayland-libs-client     1.22.0-r4              apk     
x264-libs               0.164_git20231001-r0   apk     
x265-libs               3.5-r4                 apk     
xvidcore                1.3.7-r2               apk     
xz-libs                 5.4.5-r0               apk     
zimg                    3.0.5-r2               apk     
zix-libs                0.4.2-r0               apk     
zlib                    1.3-r2                 apk     
